How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

# Just the fact that i have tow versions that mean i have comparision option, a reference.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

 # till now i was using comments and keeping changes between brackets if it's short
  and manually coping and passing source codes and changing name of projects by adding
  new- or last- and so on...
  so for one project in eclips i always had three or more same name with pre = new or ex
  Now i hope, in what i read, it will be not the same way ...more efficient like you said.

  What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
  # For manual process just reading the title of Commit will help me to remembe what and why i done it, just like javadoc i guess

  Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

  #Realy don't know and don't discuss about "ligne à suivre pour chaque compagnie" sorry i don't have the english world for that, thing like personal way of production

  How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
  #first beeing in the correct branch by "git checkout branch"
   git log : show us the entire commits with id's
   if i want to know the difference between to commits"id_a" and "id_b" : git diff "id_a" "id_b" withe 
   the adding and deleting lines.

  How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
  # my prog evolution is :  eve_1,eve_2,eve_3 , if in eve_3 i have some bugs just using git diff eve_3 eve_2 i'll be able to fix it, so just this point make me confident.

  Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

 # Java and Android programming